I don't know like he said being home
just feels weird
yeah that's the struggle people forget
that
sitio when I was your age I was trying
to push away comfort so I could see how
much change the world a card on me only
when I was out there did I realize that
there are some things no book parent can
ever teach
[Music]
there's a certain peace when you're on
the road
you can only think about what's in front
of you
not what's behind
[Music]
is that clarity that's that's addictive
those faraway places I'd seen on
television and read about in books when
I knew they were out there I knew they
existed
but until you see your own eyes
till I smell the smells till I felt the
same between my feet felt the warmth and
the saunas the Freck of my skin well you
don't really believe it's real
only on the road do you grasp the
simplicity of happiness
[Music]
then you begin to truly understand the
beauty of company
[Music]
you learn that heaven
best planners is not the Evelyn
the best experience is real ones you
don't expect you know out there on the
road you meet many others just like you
wandering
looking for something to call their own
but when you find someone that walks
with the same well it's pretty hard to
describe
it makes you see time a different light
everything becomes more
precious
[Music]
things come and go quicker than you can
count the days you realize
plumbers fleeting thing with the right
people home is any place in this world
[Music]
sixty dollars there you be okay I'll
just I don't know
thank you very much sir it's good thanks
see you again it's a time it seems like
the hardest decision of your life which
way do I go
when everything seems overwhelming
I look up pause and just take a breath
[Music]